We've updated the common module and now all of our different events expect to be given a version number.
We're going to now go around our ticket service.
We're going to see that there are a couple of locations inside of here where we are trying to publish
an event.
And chances are when we publish those events, we are specifying the exact properties to include.
And chances are we are not including the version number inside of any of those published events.
So we have to go through and just found wherever we are publishing an event and make sure we include
the version number.
We're going to first get started inside of our roots directory.
Inside of here, we're going to find the new file.
As soon as I open this up, I'll see that there is an air right down here where we create an instance
of the ticket creative publisher and try to publish some information about a given ticket.
So if I hover over this error, it's going to say, hey, you said that a event is going to have a version
and we did not provide it.
So all we have to do is include the version of the ticket that we just created.
It's all put into your version, ticket version, and that's it.
Air goes away.
So let's save this file and close it.
And the only other location we have to do in update is inside of updates.
Inside of updates.
I'm going to scroll down a little bit, find our ticket updated publisher.
And so once again, if we hover over the air, it will tell us that we said that we were going to include
a version property.
So we'll put in version and include the version of the updated ticket.
So ticket version.
Like so.
Okay.
So let's save this and close this file.
We should now be able to go back over to our terminal and restart entirely our test suite.
I encourage you to just restart the test suite entirely.
So find your test suite inside the ticket service if you're still running it from a couple of videos
ago.
Stop it with a control C and we'll start it back up with an NP run test and we're just going to make
sure we don't get any TypeScript errors.
I want to make sure that TypeScript is not complaining at us and saying that we try to create an event
without providing a version property.
It looks like all my tests are passing, which means that we have done all the updates inside the ticket
service correctly.
Well.
So this looks good.
I am going to close down.
This test suite because we're not going to come back to the ticket service for a little bit.
Okay.
So we're now going to start to move over to our orders service.
Now there's a couple of different things that need to happen inside the order service.
First off, if we take a look at our ticket definition file right here.
So inside the model directory, find tickets.
We are not including the idea of a version anywhere inside of here.
So remember, including the idea of a version inside of this replicated ticket model is pretty important
because that's what's going to make sure that we always process these events in the correct order.
So if we think back to this diagram.
Right here.
Actually, how about this one?
Inside of our order's database, it was very important for our tickets collection to say that a ticket
had an ID, a price, the title, and very importantly, this aversion thing as well.
So it's really the tickets database and the ticket service that is producing these version numbers.
And it is the orders service and the orders database that is going to consume these version numbers.
So we do have to make sure that our ticket model file inside the order service includes the idea of
a version and make sure that we include this idea of checking those version numbers whenever we try
to somehow process an event.
We do also have to make sure that we wire up all this versioning stuff for our order as well.
So the order model file, very similar to what we had done just a moment ago inside of our ticket file,
back inside the ticket service, we are going to eventually include that mongoose update if version
present or whatever it is called Mongoose update if present, whatever it was, whatever that module
is called, we have to wire that up to our order model in the exact same way that we did back inside
the ticket service specifically.
The tickets file.
So we got to go through this plug in setup and then wire it up to the schema in the same way.
So a little bit of work to do inside the order service.
Let's take care of this in just a moment.